Taoism
Where is the Battle of the God's Stone?
God and Buddha killed him
They just stood there.
That's right, now the divine stone of these two people
Has arrived in another space
As the so-called Upper Nine Heavens and Nine Realms
The ancestor has the upper hand
Where do you see that he has the upper hand?
Obviously the expression is hideous
How is the Lord?
They have fought tens of thousands of rounds
I didn't expect this wild-eating old ghost to really have two strokes
Could it be that even the fairy aunt is not as good as him?
This is bad.
If the fairy girl loses
What should we do?
Haha, the new army of Chiyan has been worshipped by me for thousands of years
He is the top immortal in my week.
Yang Fan just gave you the steps, you don't go down
Regret it now
Do you believe I'll kill you right now?
bag
The new army is wounded
How come?
Didn't you have the upper hand just now?
New army, you must not lose
If you lose, we're all doomed
Great, as expected of the ancestor's master
This fairy sister
Gotta win!
It's okay, Master was just ambushed
I believe that Master is sad